As I mentioned this course is going to be highly practical.
Therefore you will need a lab a place where you can practice and experiment with the things that you're
going to learn in the course.
Not only that but having a lab is essential for hackers or pen testers because let's say you discovered
a new attack or you want to experiment with a new attack or you learn something new online and you want
to test it.
Then the perfect place for you to test this and practice hacking is a hacking or a testing lab not to
create a lab.
You just need a number of computers with different operating systems and you will need a number of networks.
If your testing network attacks and if you're testing Web site attacks then you will need to install
Web sites on these computers or you can do all of this inside your computer inside one machine and install
everything else as virtual machines.
And this is what we're going to do.
So let's say you have your computer right here this is your main computer that you use every day to
check your e-mails or even to watch this course.
This computer might be running Windows OSX or Linux.
It doesn't really matter.
It can run any operating system.
You can keep all the programs that you love and like and install a virtualization software such as virtual
box virtualization software allow us to create a number of virtual computers inside your main computer
so we can have three or four or five or 10 computers all installed inside your main operating system
inside your main computer.
The really cool thing about this is you will not need a number of computers.
You can do everything inside a single computer.
So what we're going to do is we're going to have a heart candy machine.
This is going to be the machine that we will use in order to hack into other machines.
We're going to install color Linux on it and we'll talk about what that is later on and we're going
to have to target machines.
These are machines that we're going to try to hack into and practice hacking against one of them is
going to be running windows and the other one is going to be running an operating system called me to
exploit Hubble and we will talk about that once we get to it.
Now it is very important to understand that you will not lose any functionality when you install an
operating system as a virtual machine.
You can use that machine exactly as if it's a real physical machine.
So the really cool thing about using virtual machines first of all you're not going to lose any functionality.
Second all the machines are going to be isolated.
So as we go through the course we're going to be trying to hack into these machines and we might actually
break one of them but that's fine.
It will not affect your host machine.
You will be able to easily fix this and go back to a snapshot of when the machine was working without
affecting your main computer.
The other cool thing is that you'll be able to have a number of different versions of each of these
machines and you'll be able to change the configuration easily change the network settings or switch
between different states of these machines and so on.
So by using virtualization you will not lose any functionality but you will gain so many cool features.
And the main thing to keep in mind is your host machine your main computer will never be affected.
It's completely isolated.
And if we break any of these machines nothing will happen to your precious computer that you use every
day.
And this way you can always use your host machine for daily use for checking emails watching the videos
doing whatever you do normally and then use your virtual machines for hacking and practicing the attacks.
And this is what I actually do.
So you can see I have my host machine running OSX and I never use this for hacking.
But right here I have virtual box and as you can see I have a number of operating systems installed
on it and I can literally start any of them by selecting the one I want.
And just click on Start Now don't worry about this.
I will show you how to install these virtual machines as we go through the course.
But what you need to do right now is download and install virtual box.
This program so you can download it from this page.
I'm going to include its link in the resources.
And like I said you can install virtual bugs on Windows OS X or Linux.
So it supports all operating systems.
Just pick your operating system from here.
Download the relevant installer and install it and install on it is very very simple.
All you have to do is literally double click the installer click Next next next next and it will install
it for you.
Once you started you'll see a program similar to this but you will not have any virtual machines here.
So it will be empty and I will show you how to install all of these machines as we go through the course
one more thing to do.
As soon as you install virtual box is to download and install the extension pack.
This will give you better compatibility and it will allow you to use USP devices on the virtual machines
so you'll be able to use a USB mouse USB keyboard and you SB wireless adapters.
Again downloading and installing the extension pack is very very simple.
There is only one file.
It's always the same file for all operating systems.
It's the same for Windows for Linux for OSX.
You just have to click on the download link in here.
Once you download that I already have it downloaded so I have it right here and this file will only
work if virtual box is installed successfully.
So first of all installed virtual box from these links right here.
Like I said once you download it and install it and can see a Windows similar to this without these
machines right here we'll see how to install these later then download the extension pack from here.
You'll have its file similar to this file and only then you can double click this file and it'll automatically
open in virtual box as you can see it's telling me that I want to install the extension pack.
It's given me the version which is the same version as the Virgin of the virtual box that I downloaded
it has to be the same version otherwise it will not work.
I'm going to click on install.
We're going to agree to this license.
I'm going to put my password
and as you can see it's telling us that the extension pack is installed successfully.
So now we can go ahead and install virtual machines in virtual box.